---
title: Geometry: Circle - About
---

# The origins

**Geometry: Circle** is an abstract side scrolling shooter. It's the
first in a series of games to improve my collision detection skills for
another game I'm planning to design, code and distribute someday. It
took about 4 hours for the first protoype (gravity wells, your bullets,
enemies) and then about 16 hours polishing and modding a little bit to
get a nice user experience.

There are some elments that couldn't go into this game, for example
enemies that shoot back. Just imagine: your bullets, their bullets,
gravity modifiers... That's what *I* call a bullet hell :D. But future
versions of **Geometry:X** will have more enemy types, and, if the
browsers are ready, a synch-to-sound option.

**Geometry: Circle** uses free (libre) work: [Ochen Priyatno \[Pleased
to
Meetcha\]](http://soundcloud.com/hyphenjones/ochen-priyatno)(CC-BY-SA)
by the talented Hyphen Jones. Please visit his [Soundcloud
page](http://soundcloud.com/hyphenjones) he is doing an amazing job\!
The font used on this site is called [Passero
One](http://www.google.com/webfonts/specimen/Passero+One) and has been
created by freelance graphic and type designer [Viktoriya
Grabowskay](https://profiles.google.com/108103116746553670560/about).
Thank you Viktoriya for using the SIL Open Font License\!

PS: Thanks for reading the about page. Here's a secret: press ctrl to
activate continous shooting.

**Geometry: Circle** ist ein abstrakter Side-Scrolling-Shooter. Es ist
das erste Spiel einer Reihe, die dazu dient, meine Kenntnisse und
Fertigkeiten in der Kollisionserkennung zu verbessern. Der erste
Prototyp war nach vier Stunden fertig (Gegner, Partikel, Gravitatoren),
ungefähr weitere 16 Stunden wurde die Perfomance verbessert und noch das
ein oder andere eingebaut.

Ein paar Sachen konnten es nicht in diese Version schaffen.
Beispielsweise attackieren die Gegner nicht den Spieler, das wäre aber
bei den ganzen Flugmodifikatoren unmöglich zu spielen gewesen. Stellt
euch kurz vor: Die Gegner schießen, ihr schießt, ihre Schüsse sehen fast
so aus wie eure, ihr weicht aus, die gravity wells ziehen eure Schüsse
wieder zu euch und plötzlich seid ihr tot, weil ein Schuss des Gegners
durchgekommen ist - DAS nenne ich eine Bullet-Hell :D. Zukünftige
Versionen von **Geometry:X** werden mehr Gegnertypen haben, und, falls
die Browser soweit sind, eine Synchronisierung zum Sound.

**Geometry: Circle** benutzt freie Werke: [Ochen Priyatno \[Pleased to
Meetcha\]](http://soundcloud.com/hyphenjones/ochen-priyatno)(CC-BY-SA)
von Hyphen Jones. Besucht seine
[Soundcloud-Seite](http://soundcloud.com/hyphenjones)\! Die Schriftart
auf dieser Seite und im Spiel heißt [Passero
One](http://www.google.com/webfonts/specimen/Passero+One) und wurde von
der selbständigen Grafik- und Schriftendesignerin [Viktoriya
Grabowskay](https://profiles.google.com/108103116746553670560/about)
entworfen. Danke Viktoriya, dass du die SIL Open Font License
verwendest\!

Ein Dank an dieser Stelle auch an alle Bugtester, die immer wieder ihre
Spielesessions unterbrechen um mir eine kleine Nachricht zu
hinterlassen. Danke Leute\! PS: Danke, dass du diese Seite gelesen hast.
Dafür verrate ich ein kleines Geheimnis: mit Strg kannst du den
Dauerfeuermodus aktivieren.

&copy; Benjamin Kästner; All rights reserved. Some content under a free
licence, please visit [about](about.html).

